# How to deploy the application

Deployment and performance in production-ready apps is an intermediate topic that we’ll cover later. For now, we’re going to gloss over the details and just show how easy a basic deployment can be.

Deploying our app is the act of pushing our code to a server, where it can be accessed by others.
Broadly speaking, the idea is that we’re going to:

• compile all of our TypeScript code into JavaScript (which the browser can read)
• bundle all of our JavaScript code files into one or two files
• and then upload our JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and images to a server

##### Ultimately, this Angular app is an HTML file that loads JavaScript code. So we need to upload our code to a computer somewhere on the internet.

##### But first, let’s build our Angular app.

### Building app for production

The angular CLI tool which we used to generate apps can be used to build our app for proci tion as well. Command for this is:

ng build --prod - this command tells the ng tool to build our appliction for a producrion environment

The command will run for a little while and when it finishes we should have a dist folder on our disk

##### After building is finihed we can display a list of files in created dist folder.

We can display it by command

ls dist/reddit-app
where:

1. ls dist = list of destination folder dist
2. reddit-app = is a name of our application.

### These files are the full compiled result of your app. Notice that there is a long string of characters in the middle of each file such as:

Those characters are a hash of the content (and may not match on your computer). If you look at each file, you can see that we have some icons, the index.html , a main.js ,
a polyfills.js , a vendor.js , and some styles.css . Now all the need to do is upload these to our server.

### Next step in file 16.uploading-to-server.md
